clarify interval and timeout for http health check (#5071)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/checks.html.md

  to check a simple HTTP operation. By default, HTTP checks are `GET` requests
  unless the `method` field specifies a different method. Additional header
  fields can be set through the `header` field which is a map of lists of

>   strings, e.g. `{"x-foo": ["bar", "baz"]}`. By default, HTTP checks are set to

Reviewer: This reads a little confusingly, I think you mean the timeout but it sounds more like the Interval.

```suggestion
  strings, e.g. `{"x-foo": ["bar", "baz"]}`. By default, HTTP checks will be configured to timeout after
```

  10 seconds. If the check interval is less than 10 seconds, the timeout will
  instead be set to the check interval. This means that the check should return
  before the next check begins. It is possible to configure a custom HTTP check
  timeout value by specifying the `timeout` field in the check definition. The
  output of the check is limited to roughly 4KB. Responses larger than this will
  be truncated. HTTP checks also support TLS. By default, a valid TLS certificate

>   is expected. Certificate verification can be turned off by setting the

Reviewer: unrelated: we should specify that "valid TLS" means that the CA is trusted by the _system_ trusted root CAs and not the Consul CA if agent TLS is configured.

```suggestion
  trusted by the _system_ certificate authority roots is expected. Certificate verification 
  can be turned off by setting the
```
